What do you mean?
This is Chen Qianruo's tombstone
He was abandoned by Yuan Kai
Desperate suicide
The Qian Ruo you saw in the nightmare before was him
I just heard about it.
I feel sorry for him and just come to worship
This is Chen Qingru's sister, Chen Qingru.
She used to be Wang Jie of Yuan Group
Get off the road after resigning
Do you know him?
You fake amnesia just to be frugal
Avenge them
Yes
You got it.
I'm not disappointed.
Who are you?
What is your proof?
I'm Chen Qingru's friend.
Approaching you is to kill Yuan Kai to avenge him
It doesn't matter what my name is
You won't even tell me your name
Did you ever love me?
Love built on lies can also be believed